1) What is autoscaling ? 
       
	  AWS Auto Scaling monitors your applications and automatically adjusts capacity to maintain 
steady, predictable performance at the lowest possible cost. 
    Horizontal Auto scale: it is used to scale the instances, if the CPU Utilization is meet the thershold 
	Vertical Auto Scale:it is used to scale the Power for the existing instance
      
2) User has setup an autoscaling group but group fails to launch instance for 24 hours, what happens in this scenario ? How can we resolve it ?
      we have to check the instance configuration

	    1. The requested configuration is currently not supported.
        2. The security group <name of the security group> does not exist. Launching EC2 instance failed.
        3. The key pair <key pair associated with your EC2 instance> does not exist. Launching EC2 instance failed.
        4. The requested Availability Zone is no longer supported. Please retry your request...
        5. Your requested instance type (<instance type>) is not supported in your requested Availability Zone (<instance Availability Zone>)...
	  
	  
3) Can we have a backup of EBS volume ?
       yes,using snapshort
4) If we delete this snapshot how to retrive it back ?
       we have an option in AWS we can keep the deleted snapshorts and AMI in AWS recylic bin
	   with retention period of time 
	   
5) Diff between RDS & Dynamo DB ?

    RDS:                                   Dynamo db:

	Relational data base                 Fully managed key-value and document (NoSQL) database
	MySQL,MariaDB, Oracle Database,       Delivers single-digit millisecond performance at any scale.
	and SQL Server.
	Supports the use of SSL to             DynamoDB encrypts data at rest by default using encryption keys stored in AWS KMS.
     	secure data in transit.
	
6) What is edge location ?
          An edge location is where end users access services located at AWS, 
		  the cloud computing division of US-headquartered Amazon. 
		  They are located in most of the major cities around the world
		  and are specifically used by CloudFront (CDN) to distribute content to end users to reduce latency
		  
7) Diff between Network load balance & application load balancer ?

 Network load balance: it mainly uses TLS/TCP/UDP traffic to  forward the request to the application through port number
	                           here we can define the different ports for multiple paths to route the traffic.
							   
 application load balancer: An Application Load Balancer makes routing decisions at the application layer (HTTP/HTTPS),
	                  supports path-based routing, and can route requests to one or more ports on each container instance in your cluster. 
					  Application Load Balancers support dynamic host port.
 


8) What is round robin ?

          Round robin is a process used for network communication and operating system load balancing. 
		  A system that works in a round robin fashion distributes load based on the round robin algorithm.
      
9) What is reverse proxy server ?

         Reverse proxy as the name suggests does the opposite of what a forward proxy can do.
		  It takes requests from the user and forwards them to the host web servers acting as a load balancer
		  
10) What if load balancer gets failed?
     If one load balancer fails, the secondary picks up the failure and becomes active.
	 They have a heartbeat link between them that monitors status.
     
11) How will you know if the load balancer has failed ?
     
	 A target generates an HTTP error
	 The load balancer generates an HTTP error
	 Clients cannot connect to an internet-facing load balancer
     
12) What is sticky session ?
        sticky session: it removes load balcer and it ensure that a user stick to particular server
		
13) What is TCP load balancer ?
      explain Network load balance
          
14) How can i copy files into target using ansible ?
       keep the files in file  dir of our role
	     then use the command ansible-galaxy install <role_name>
		 
15) What is terrafrom statefile ?
      Terraform stores information about your infrastructure in a state file.
	  This state file keeps track of resources created by your configuration and maps them to cloud resources.
	  
16) Where we will store it ?
      we store it in remote location 
	   curretly we are storing in AWS S3 bucket with help of Dynamo db
	   
17) I'm working on a terraform statefile and all of a sudden it got lock and im not able to make changes, why it got lock and how to unlock it ?
         
		 force-unlock
		 
18) Can terraform be used for onpremisis ?
          yes...
             
19) Lets say we have applied terraform and we got some error, How can we recover from that ?

          before apply.. i will use plan command to check the errors or the executive plan
		  lets say i forgot to plan and applyed it
		  but we usually keep the code in SCM, i will roll back to the previous state 
		  before the changes ..using SCM commit id.
		  
		  but we can't say i will get the exact thing but most of the changes will get
		  there is no command or steps better than this.
		  
		  
20) What is kuberneties POD ?
          K8 Pod is a smallest  object, it contains one or more containers
		  where all the pods can communicate internally with Cluster IP
		  
21) Can we run multiple containers inside the POD ?
           yes..
		   
22) Can we run 2 or 3 applications inside a POD ?
               yes..but auto scalling and upgrades colud be a bit challenge
			   
23) How can we make containers communicate with each other ?
        using Cluster IP
		
24) What is Master and worker node 
        exoplain k8 architecture
		
25) What is the significance of etcd ?
          explain etcd
		  
26) Lets say there is a kuberneties job which should be finished in few seconds, How can i make sure to stop the application if it exists for more than 40 seconds ?
                  use the activedeadlineseconds in cronejobs while configuring the job
				  
27) Lets say we have 2 containers i need one container to run first and the other to run second How can i achive this ?
          
28) How will you push docker images into ECR ?
         create ECR in AWS
		 docker login
		 use the docker image_name with AWS region and account id in the command line 
		 
29) Can we run this container serverless in AWS ?
            
30) How do you deploy docker container into AWS ?
        
31) How do you trigger a jenkins pipeline ?
         
32) How will you configure webhooks ?
       goto--github
	   open settings
	   search for weebhooks
	   mention the jenkins payload url with webhook
	   select the events ,in which way to trigger
	   ex:push,tag,branch,merge etc
	   
33) How will jenkins know when to execute the job ?
        using triggering methods like webhook,Poll SCM,build periodically
		
34) If i want to execute the job at particular time how can i do this ?
         use Build Periodically(its like a cronetab)
		 
35) Have you worked on API gateways ?
     yes.



Ness-

1. Ansible playbook files.
2 if you want to run a specific IP which is not defined in the grp how will you define in inventory file.
3. Ssl certification how can you give Ssl certification in load Balancer.
4 how is pod communication happens.
5 can we add a vpc later to a Load balancer and which one?
6 storage classes.
7. Terraform taint. And destroy difference
8. If there is team a which did some configuration in aws and now team b wants to do the same resources how that can be done?
Many more